and even more in front you have this
custom headlight with your day maker LED
great for safety safe riding looks great
up here you have your custom sub-team
inch piste a handlebars don't write
inline the cables you have your under
mountaineers really cool feature custom
grips custom peg all matching foot
controls - this has the ventilator
intake the tuner and even the flu Manson
Hines - and one exhaust check that out
really really cool
moving on you have your öhlins
suspension fully adjustable for a nice
comfy ride and back here check this up
your CBO style try bards taillight
love that because I've impressed
somebody and not too long ago and it's
great for a new home